README.md, before:

# Connect SDKs

Contrary to its (current) name, this repo does __NOT__ contain the source for
SDKs generated for the Connect API.

Rather, our generated SDKs are published on Github:

* [PHP](https://github.com/square/connect-php-sdk)
* [Ruby](https://github.com/square/connect-ruby-sdk)

These repos also have remotes in Stash for us to generate new versions before
releasing publicly.

Our public API specification is also [published on
Github](https://github.com/square/connect-api-specification).

## So what DOES this repo contain?
In the `tools` directory:

* `api-parser` is a Java application that parses the v2 protos in
`xp/connect-public-protos` (in the Go repo) and spits out a Swagger JSON
representation of the API. Check its README to learn how to use it.

* `sdk-gen/api.json` is currently the internal, canonical representation of the
API that we generate server handlers and docs from.
_TODO: need to break api.json out into public and internal versions_

* `sdk-gen/doc-gen.js` is a Node script that consumes the JSON generated by
`api-parser` and generates the API reference for Connect v2 (that is, the page
  here: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/api/connect/v2/)

Commit message:

clarify what this repo is for

README.md, after:

# Connect API doc generation

Contrary to its (current) name, this repo does __NOT__ contain the source for
SDKs generated for the Connect API.

The repo which generates our SDKs and hosts our public API specification is [published on
Github](https://github.com/square/connect-api-specification).

Generated SDKs are published on Github:

* [PHP](https://github.com/square/connect-php-sdk)
* [Ruby](https://github.com/square/connect-ruby-sdk)

## So what DOES this repo contain?
In the `tools` directory:

* `api-parser` is a Java application that parses the v2 protos in
`xp/connect-public-protos` (in the Go repo) and spits out a Swagger JSON
representation of the API. Check its README to learn how to use it.

* `sdk-gen/api.json` is currently the internal, canonical representation of the
API that we generate server handlers and docs from.
_TODO: need to break api.json out into public and internal versions_

* `sdk-gen/doc-gen.js` is a Node script that consumes the JSON generated by
`api-parser` and generates the API reference for Connect v2 (that is, the page
  here: https://docs.connect.squareup.com/api/connect/v2/)
